[WBDOCS-2006] Align overflow and hamburger menu refs with new style guidance (#2435)
wandb/docs: weave/guides/tools/saved-views.mdx

   - Column pinning
3. Save the view using one of two options:
   - In the upper right-hand corner, click **Save view**. 

>    - Click the action menu (☰) to the left of **Save view**. In the dropdown menu, click **+ Save as new view**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Click the **menu (<Icon icon="bars" iconType="solid"/>)** button to the left of **Save view**. In the dropdown menu, click **+ Save as new view**.
```

### Load a saved view

1. Navigate to your **Traces** or **Evals** tab.

> 2. Click the action menu (☰) to the left of the tab title. A dropdown menu showing all saved views displays. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **menu (<Icon icon="bars" iconType="solid"/>)** button to the left of the tab title. A dropdown menu showing all saved views displays. 
```

1. Navigate to your **Traces** or **Evals** tab.
2. [Load the view](#load-a-saved-view) that you want to delete.

> 3. Click the action menu (☰) to the left of **Save view**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **menu (<Icon icon="bars" iconType="solid"/>)** button to the left of **Save view**. 
```

4. In the dropdown menu, click **Delete view**.
5. In the pop-up modal, confirm by clicking **Delete view**. Alternatively, click **Cancel** to stop deletion.

### Return to the default view

1. Navigate to your **Traces** or **Evals** tab.

> 2. Click the action menu (☰) to the right of the **Traces** or **Evals** tab. A dropdown menu showing all saved views displays. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **menu (<Icon icon="bars" iconType="solid"/>)** button to the left of the **Traces** or **Evals** tab. A dropdown menu showing all saved views displays. 
```
